docs: apply tone guide to Angular.md (#1751)
carbon-design-system/carbon-ai-chat: packages/ai-chat/docs/Angular.md

## Overview

> Angular renders the Carbon AI Chat web components directly. The [web component guide](./WebComponent.md) is your main reference. Its setup, configuration, {@link ChatInstance} API, and customization all apply unchanged. This page covers only the Angular-specific wiring. You register the custom elements. You also switch to the `es-custom` build if you use `carbon-angular-components`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular renders the Carbon AI Chat web components directly. The [web component guide](./WebComponent.md) is your main reference. Its setup, configuration, {@link ChatInstance} API, and customization all apply unchanged. This page covers only the Angular-specific wiring: registering the custom elements, and switching to the `es-custom` build if you use `carbon-angular-components`.
```
doesnt make sense with the split of sentence
